All American Musical and in this all the
contestants are going to improvise an
American musical but based on the life
of somebody in the studio audience here
or somebody's and I'll go now and find
somebody in the studio audience hello
can I see your name my name is Nick Nick
hello Nick and has anything happen to
you in your life on a Tuesday yes I've
been gliding on a Tuesday you've been
guiding juicy that's that's very good
good one and you what's your name what
do you get kerrigan Helen and anything
happen to you that's have interests you
think and lost in a maze won't lost in a
maze we having some great ones tonight
and here I come up to this the study
here and our surname first of all just
be filling Sally something in your life
winter party winter party good got a
great American musical in prospect here
the three events are going to a party
getting lost in a maze and going gliding
regarding the plane gliding and are
playing yes it's very important I'll
snickle leave
it might be a bonus but anyway it's
being so JC Mike if you could start and
make your American musical up out of
that isn't it fantastic darling I feel
like a bird a great big bird we're
better than a bird we're human beings
taking a flight scoffing at our wing and
friends oh my god Ricky a big stake
holders rip the chunk up yes we're going
down fast we're spinning I boys want to
tell you something tell you if I had to
go down you go down with you
I
ha
hang on tight here's a dress why
before we spider in the ground giving
yes will they fight a bitch where we
will go contrary
hey you two I just landed here as well I
was circling you for about half an hour
we began equipped our wing bub no not at
all things are being really strange in
these past couple of days you want me to
tell you about it again okay listen here
is my really bizarre tale I'm gonna keep
it short i went from little bus ride and
i ended up in hampton court
I know I was popping some pills I guess
I felt it crazed but suddenly I woke up
I thought I was a glider and there I was
in a maze in a maze you mean we're in a
ladies man yeah you're amazingly an
amazing man this is where we just hang
out drinkin look at the sky and look at
the key light to our eyes twinkle but is
it wonderful place what you can even no
matter where we run will still come back
to the same spot that's right you'll
keep looking like an asshole fantastic
we can do anything we can run around the
maze we're growing so fast to a mall in
a day run xtube a dance
you